we've counted about five or six quite
different reasons why they say they're
doing it and the first reason was to
preserve the animals in the area
in fact the animal the numbers of
animals are increasing so that simply
isn't true they then said it was very
expensive to provide this water service
to the peoples in reserve in fact it's
very cheap it's much more expensive to
relocate them elsewhere so that isn't
true either so why are they really doing
it well we think that it is almost
certainly linked with diamonds there are
very important diamond deposits in this
area on Bushmen land so we're pretty
sure that this is linked with future
demand exploitation there's been lots of
interest people have been taking little
leaflets and stopping and signing our
petition and lots of people go onto our
website and ring up to find out more
information so the campaign's going
we're not calling for a boycott but
people can not buy diamonds if they come
from Botswana certainly
Botswana has three diamond mines joining
is the most valuable the country
supplies one-third of the world's
diamonds
millions of dollars worth of these
precious stones passed through this
sorting Center every day revenue from
diamonds all other sources of income
this is more than just pop a is three
hours drive from Matt's Yemen on the
diamond giant De Beers has spent more
than 20 million US dollars on a
prospecting mine they maintain that it's
not worth mining them at present they
stressed that even if they did mine at
hobby there would be no need to move the
Bushmen
the nearest settlement is about 220
oscillations what will be the reason to
move a supplement that is 200 kilometers
away from an unequal in the dam what
part it doesn't make sense so why do you
survival say it's diamonds clearly if I
knew the correct answer I guess but I'm
and won't be involved in this in this
project because we know the solution we
speculate we don't know but you know
diamonds are succeeded and when you talk
about damn ones everybody paid attention
is there any basis for this campaign we
haven't been able to find a basis as a
team and tunnel hasn't been able to find
a basis and quite frankly I think the
government at some level genuinely
believes that what they're doing is
right